docs(upgrade): Updates upgrade instructions. (#4348)
patternfly/patternfly-org: packages/documentation-site/patternfly-docs/content/get-started/upgrade.md

> <Alert variant="info" isInline title="Before you upgrade"> Make sure that you have already completed [the PatternFly 5 upgrade](https://www.patternfly.org/get-started/upgrade) before attempting to support PatternFly 6. This will ensure that your product has addressed any necessary changes from our previous release.

Reviewer: Just a note that I'm guessing the v5 upgrade guide URL will need to be updated to reference the v5 site once it goes live?

</Alert>

PatternFly 6 introduces exciting new features and functionality, as described in [our release highlights](/get-started/release-highlights). To support these new offerings, we've introduced a long list of changes, the details of which can be found in our [major release notes](/get-started/upgrade/release-notes). 

This guide outlines the steps required to upgrade your codebase to PatternFly 6 and provides additional resources to support your migration efforts.  

## Get help 

If you need support as you upgrade, the PatternFly team is here to help! Reach out to us on [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/patternfly/shared_invite/zt-1npmqswgk-bF2R1E2rglV8jz5DNTezMQ) or ask a question on our [GitHub discussion board](https://github.com/orgs/patternfly/discussions). We'll always do our best to answer your questions and connect you with the right people quickly. 

## How to upgrade

When you upgrade your product to PatternFly 6, several breaking changes will likely be introduced to your product’s codebase. These steps walk you through the migration process and connect you with resources that will help you address these breaking changes.

> ### 1. Remove all CSS overrides
> At the start of your upgrade process, remove all of your CSS overrides and see how things look. Then, add back any necessary customizations. Since there often isn't a 1:1 equivalent for every PatternFly 5 style in PatternFly 6, your previous overrides may not even be relevant. 

Reviewer: I wonder if this should be worded more like a recommendation than an actual first step. Maybe something like this? I'm really curious what others think though. @srambach?

```suggestion
### 1. Remove all CSS overrides
At the start of your upgrade process, we strongly recommend removing all of your CSS overrides and see how things look. Then, add back any necessary customizations. Since there often isn't a 1:1 equivalent for every PatternFly 5 style in PatternFly 6, your previous overrides may no longer be relevant. 
```

Reviewer 2: I like it as an actual step. However, this seems to say to remove the overrides and immediately check to see how things look - so if they do this before running codemods, then they will of course see things that now look broken.

What about something like this?
```
### 1. Remove all CSS overrides
At the start of your upgrade process, we strongly recommend removing all of your CSS overrides temporarily. Once you've run through all the codemods, see how things look. Since there often isn't a 1:1 equivalent for every PatternFly 5 style in PatternFly 6, your previous overrides may no longer be relevant. 
As much as possible, we recommend removing CSS overrides so that your product upgrade experience will be smoother for future releases.
If you need to keep any CSS customizations, follow the instructions in step 3 to make sure you are using the appropriate class names and design tokens.
```

Author: @mcoker @srambach ahhh okay, so they can remove the css overrides, _then_ run codemods, and then assess? Or is it more helpful to swap the steps order so that codemods come first, and then removing css overrides?

I like this wording!

As much as possible, we recommend removing CSS overrides so that your product upgrade experience will be smoother for future releases. 

> If you decide to keep any overrides, be sure to [follow step 3](#3-review-and-update-variable-and-class-names) to ensure they're up to date.

Reviewer: Not necessarily a suggestion - for an anchor link like this it's fine as-is - but if you wanted to try and have the link be descriptive enough on its own for what it does, this would be one way

```suggestion
If you decide to keep any overrides, be sure to follow step 3 below and [review and update variable and class names](#3-review-and-update-variable-and-class-names) to ensure they're up to date.
```

7. Run codemods multiple times to ensure that all issues are flagged and addressed.

### 3. Review and update variable and class names

> PatternFly 6 supports our new design token system, which changes variable names across PatternFly. These changes mean that **all** existing CSS overrides must be updated (or removed), because they will be targeting outdated styles and will no longer work. 

Reviewer 2: Should we add something reminding them that in V5, a version prefix was added to all CSS variables and classes, so the first step is to update this prefix from "v5" to "v6" wherever they've use it. (is there a codemod for this?)
Then move into the new design token system information.

Variables were largely removed or added due to logical direction changes, refactoring, or deprecation. For more context, we've put together a list of [variables that have been removed](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vQQLWzMGQTAFHr6ClxoOZPpSNhP-frqu9w0DBzFJG0SOyBKKvjVV5wqz2o_Nh6jnO73oiXH259t5-V0/pubhtml?gid=673459372&single=true) and a list of [variables that have been added](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vQQLWzMGQTAFHr6ClxoOZPpSNhP-frqu9w0DBzFJG0SOyBKKvjVV5wqz2o_Nh6jnO73oiXH259t5-V0/pubhtml?gid=0&single=true).

Wherever you have any custom CSS overrides that reference PatternFly class names or CSS variables, you should carefully review them and make updates to ensure that they align with our token variables, as described in our [tokens documentation](/tokens/all-patternfly-tokens). 

**Note:** If your product uses a custom solution to replicate PatternFly styling (without using PatternFly components), then it will need to be re-skinned. We recognize that this may be a large undertaking, so we encourage you to reach out to the PatternFly team so that we can help support this work. 

> #### 1. Utilize our class-name-updater codemod

Reviewer 2: This might be more of an issue with the docs framework styling than the content, but this seems to make a 1 and then 2 item within "3. Review and update variable and class names" but it's all at the same indentation, so it's a little confusing.

Author: ahh yeah, I was trying to continue with the "steps" organization. But it's nbd! I'll remove it since it's just more confusing. I don't think we can indent entire page sections/headings (or at least it doesn't work for me)

- A CSS variable: `--pf-v5-global--FontSize--lg` becomes `--pf-t--global--font--size--lg`
- A react token: `global_FontSize_lg` becomes `t_global_font_size_lg`

### 4. Update any pixel-based logic for breakpoints

> In PatternFly 6, we've transitioned from using pixels to using rem units for our global breakpoint design tokens. You can find these updated values in [our tokens documentation](patternfly.org/tokens/all-patternfly-tokens).

Reviewer 2: It looks like this URL can just be `/tokens/all-patternfly-tokens`
